End the last section we built another application a cool application doing a lot of user input fetching
and working with that input.
It has one issue though.
We're not saving that anywhere.
If we close the app it's gone.
All our recipes and our shopping list items are just gone.
That is not optimal.
So let's change it in this section where we're going to take the application from the last module and
enhance it and this application we're going to add authentication to allow a user to create a new account
and then sign in and with that signed in mode with that authenticated user we can now send HTP request
to the server to store recipes for that user on some server.
And of course also to get those recipes and work with them and the responses we get back from well reaching
out to the server.
This is what this section is about.
We will use firebase as a dummy back end but the techniques you'll learn in this section will work with
any back end you choose to use.
And of course there's another key feature on your road to building real big applications which probably
need features like these.